ENGDOCS-744 Compose Install Fixes (#14892)
docker/docker.github.io: compose/install/index.md

---
description: How to install Docker Compose
keywords: compose, orchestration, install, installation, docker, documentation
title: Install Docker Compose
toc_max: 2
---

> In this page you can find a summary of the available options for installing Compose. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains a summary of various options available to install Docker Compose. 
```

## Compose prerequisites

* Docker Compose requires Docker Engine.
* Docker Compose plugin requires Docker CLI.

## Compose installation scenarios
You can run Compose on macOS, Windows, and 64-bit Linux. Check what installation scenario fits your needs. 

Are you looking to:

* __Get latest Compose and its prerequisites right of the bat__:
[Install Docker Desktop for your platform](./compose-desktop.md). This is the fastest route and you get Docker Engine and Docker CLI with the Compose plugin. Docker Desktop is available for Mac, Windows and Linux.

> * __Install Compose plugin:__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* __Install the Docker Compose plugin:__
```

>   + __(Mac, Win, Linux) Docker Desktop__: If you have Desktop installed then you already have the Compose plugin installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + __Docker Desktop__: If you have Docker Desktop (Mac, Windows, Linux) installed, then you already have the Compose plugin installed.
```
